{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DEVELOPMENT README\
\

\b How to Run:
\b0 \
Use terminal to \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Goal of Application:
\b0 \
The goal of this webpage is to allow users to quickly find champions that they want to win with, based on win rates and tier. Normally, players are given about 1 minute 30 seconds to choose a champion. It\'92s difficult to parse through most tier lists, since they don\'92t provide a filtering option. In my website, players can quickly choose a champion that fits the role description of what they having in the game, leaving them more time for other preparations.\
\

\b To interact with the webpage:
\b0 \
Users have the option of scrolling through all available champions, or narrowing their search with the dropdown menus or search bars. All 4 options (Melee & Ranged, Role, Tier and Search) can be implemented simultaneously. \
\

\b Implementations:
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 On my webpage, users can search through and explore 91 champions from League of Legends. To make it easier for users, I implemented the following:\
\
1. Standard layout for each item\
Introducing consistency when it comes to organising the information for 1 champion, makes it easy for users to identify the same information for all champions. This way, it will be easier for users to skim through the interface without having to figure out where the information that\'92s important to the user is.\
\
2. Reducing Clutter:\
League of Legends provides a lot of information on champions, which includes other things like Lore, Base Stats etc. However, when exploring champions, I realised that users might only care about a few key elements. Namely: Win Rate, Tier and Roles. As such, I reduced the champion info to only show these items, including a name and picture for easy identification.\
\
\
}